Full SEO-Optimised Copy for All Pages
Info@bloominghives.in  |  +91 92175 42713  |  Delhi, India

How to Use This Document
This document contains the exact, final, SEO-optimised text to be placed on every page of the Blooming Hives website. Content is organised page by page, element by element.
Replace all existing placeholder text with the copy in this document, word-for-word.
Update the contact page location from Jaipur, Rajasthan → New Delhi, Delhi.
Each page section includes: the Meta Title, Meta Description, H1, body copy, and section-level copy.
Keyword targets are shown in [brackets] — these are the primary search phrases the page is optimised for. Do not remove or change them from the copy.
Stats used are conservative and verifiable — update over time as the agency grows.
Important: Do not use the stats 30,000+ leads or 120% ROI as the agency is new. Conservative, credible numbers are used throughout.


Target Keyword Map
Below are the core SEO keywords this website should rank for. They are woven into the page copy that follows.


Meta Tags

Hero Section
HERO EYEBROW (SMALL TEXT ABOVE HEADLINE)
Digital Marketing Agency — Delhi, India
HERO SUB-HEADLINE
Blooming Hives is a creative digital marketing agency based in Delhi, India. We build brands that refuse to blend in — with SEO, social media, paid ads, websites, and content that actually converts.
HERO TRUST BADGES
★  5-Star Rated on Google
◆  Pan-India Clients
●  Google Partner Agency
What We Do — Intro
We combine strategy, creativity, and data to deliver marketing that doesn't just look good — it works hard. Whether you're a startup finding your footing or an established brand ready to scale, we've got the playbook.
Services Section (Cards)
The following is the short copy for each service card on the homepage. See individual service pages for full copy.

Process Pillars (01–04 Cards)
01 — Strategy with purpose.
We build data-driven, brand-led digital strategies designed to deliver results. Every campaign starts with research — market analysis, competitor benchmarking, and a deep understanding of your audience — before a single creative is made.
02 — Nail the process.
We're collaborative, decisive, and clear from day one. You'll always know where your campaigns stand, what's performing, and what we're doing next. No black boxes. No surprises. Just momentum.
03 — Built to scale.
We grow with you. Whether you're launching your first campaign or scaling a proven one, our strategies are built to flex — so your digital presence scales as fast as your ambitions.
04 — Create to convert.
Every visual, every word, every ad — built with conversion in mind. We track what matters (leads, revenue, ROI) and optimise relentlessly to make sure your budget works as hard as you do.
Results / Stats Section

Testimonials
Use real client testimonials only. Below are placeholder structures — replace with genuine quotes before launch.
“Blooming Hives completely transformed our online presence. Within the first two months of running our Meta ads campaign, we were getting more qualified enquiries than ever before. Highly recommend.”
— [Client Name], [Business Name]
“The team handles everything — from our Instagram content to our Google Ads — and the results speak for themselves. Responsive, creative, and genuinely invested in our growth.”
— [Client Name], [Business Name]
“Their SEO work has made a real difference to our organic traffic. We're now ranking on page one for keywords we never thought we'd reach. Worth every rupee.”
— [Client Name], [Business Name]
FAQ Section
Q: How much do your digital marketing services cost?
A: Our packages start from ₹15,000 per month and go up to ₹2,00,000+ depending on scope. We offer flexible plans for social media management, SEO, paid ads, and full-service digital marketing. Get in touch for a custom quote tailored to your business goals.
Q: How long before I see results from digital marketing?
A: Paid campaigns on Google and Meta typically show measurable results within 2–4 weeks. SEO and organic growth take 3–6 months to build meaningful traction. We set clear milestones at every stage so you always know what to expect.
Q: Can you work with tight deadlines?
A: Absolutely. We're built for speed without compromising quality. Whether it's an urgent campaign launch, a website build, or last-minute creative — we mobilise our team to meet your timeline.
Q: Do you provide support after campaign launch?
A: Yes — think of us as your extended marketing team. We offer ongoing management, optimisation, A/B testing, and monthly reporting so your campaigns keep improving over time.
Q: How involved do I need to be?
A: As much or as little as you'd like. We handle the strategy, execution, and reporting. But we always welcome your input, and our process is built on transparency and regular communication.
Q: Can I combine multiple services?
A: Absolutely — and we recommend it. Integrated campaigns (ads + SEO + social) consistently outperform single-channel approaches. We build custom packages around your goals and budget.
Q: Do you work with businesses outside Delhi?
A: Yes. While we're based in Delhi, we work with clients across India — from Mumbai and Bengaluru to Hyderabad and beyond. Our entire process is remote-friendly.
Footer
FOOTER CONTACT INFO
Email: Info@bloominghives.in
Phone: +91 92175 42713
WhatsApp: +91 92175 42713
FOOTER TAGLINE
Strategy. Creativity. Growth.
FOOTER LEGAL
© 2026 Blooming Hives. All Rights Reserved.


Meta Tags

Hero / Intro Section
PAGE LABEL (ABOVE HEADLINE)
About Blooming Hives
HERO HEADLINE (H1)
We're a digital marketing agency that puts results before everything.
HERO SUB-TEXT
Blooming Hives is a Delhi-based creative agency built for businesses that want more than just a social media presence. We combine data-driven strategy with bold creative thinking to help brands grow — and we work with clients across India.
PARAGRAPH 2
Every brand has a story worth telling. Our job is to make sure the right people hear it — through SEO that drives organic traffic, paid ads that convert, social content that builds community, and websites that don't just look great, they perform.
Our Mission Statement
To make digital marketing simple, transparent, and genuinely effective for Indian businesses — so that more brands can grow with confidence online.
Our Values — Cards (01–04)
01 — Strategy First
We don't guess — we research, analyse, and plan. Every campaign is built on a foundation of data, market research, and a deep understanding of your audience and competitive landscape. Strategy is always step one.
02 — Creative Impact
Great design and copy don't just look good — they communicate. We craft visuals, videos, and content that stop the scroll, spark genuine emotion, and drive meaningful action from your target audience.
03 — Honest Results
No vanity metrics. No smoke and mirrors. We track the numbers that actually matter — leads generated, conversions achieved, and real ROI. If something isn't working, we tell you — and we fix it.
04 — True Partnership
We're not a vendor — we're an extension of your team. We communicate openly, share knowledge, and celebrate your wins as our own. Your growth is genuinely our mission, not just a line in a pitch deck.
Stats Section

Services Overview (Grid)
Each service item below appears as a grid card with a short description on the About page.
Social Media Management
Strategic content, community engagement, and brand consistency that turns followers into customers.
Search Engine Optimisation
Research-backed SEO that drives organic traffic, improves rankings, and brings high-intent visitors month after month.
Website Development
Conversion-focused, responsive websites built to attract visitors and turn traffic into loyal customers.
Google & Meta Ads
ROI-driven paid advertising across Google and Meta to scale visibility and generate quality leads.
Content Writing
Compelling, SEO-optimised content — from blogs to ad copy — that tells your story and drives action.
Video Editing
Professional video editing for social reels, brand films, product videos, and motion graphics.
Graphic Designing
Eye-catching design — logos, social creatives, print collaterals, and UI/UX that builds your brand.
Photoshoot
Professional photography for products, brand identity, events, and lifestyle imagery.
CTA Section
CTA HEADLINE
Ready to make your brand bloom?
CTA SUB-TEXT
Whether you're just starting out or ready to scale, we'd love to hear about your business. Let's build something great together.
CTA BUTTON TEXT
Start Your Project →


Meta Tags

Hero Headline (H1)
Let's talk. Good things happen when you reach out.
HERO SUB-TEXT
Tell us about your business and what you're trying to achieve. We'll get back to you within 24 hours.
Contact Form — Field Labels
First Name *
Placeholder: First name
Last Name *
Placeholder: Last name
Email Address *
Placeholder: you@example.com
Phone Number
Placeholder: +91 XXXXX XXXXX
Budget (₹)
Placeholder: e.g. ₹15,000 – ₹50,000 / month
Message
Placeholder: Tell us about your business and goals...
Attachments
Placeholder: Upload any relevant files (optional)
Submit Button
Placeholder: Send Message →
SERVICE SELECTOR LABEL
I'm interested in:
(Checkboxes: Social Media Management, SEO, Website Development, Google & Meta Ads, Content Writing, Video Editing, Graphic Designing, Photoshoot)
Location Card — UPDATED
CARD 1 — OFFICE
Blooming Hives
Digital Marketing Agency
New Delhi, Delhi — 110001
India
CARD 2 — PAN INDIA
Blooming Hives
Remote-friendly team.
Serving clients across India.
Contact Details
Phone / WhatsApp: +91 92175 42713
General Enquiries: Info@bloominghives.in
New Business: business@bloominghives.in
Careers: careers@bloominghives.in
FAQ Prompt Copy
Have a quick question? Check out our FAQs: Working with Blooming Hives →


5.1 — Social Media Management

HERO EYEBROW
Social Media Management Services
HERO HEADLINE (H1)
Build a brand people actually follow.
HERO SUB-TEXT
In a feed full of noise, brands that win are the ones with a clear voice, a consistent strategy, and content that makes people stop scrolling. We build that for you — across Instagram, Facebook, LinkedIn, YouTube, and beyond.
SECTION — SOCIAL MEDIA THAT WORKS AS HARD AS YOU DO
Don't just be present on social media — be unmissable. We create scroll-stopping content, build engaged communities, and run your social channels like a well-oiled brand machine.
SUB-SECTION: CONTENT STRATEGY
We build monthly content calendars aligned with your brand goals, industry trends, and audience behaviour. Every post has a purpose — whether it's brand awareness, lead generation, or community building. No filler content. Ever.
SUB-SECTION: CREATIVE CONTENT
From reels and stories to carousels, static posts, and meme formats — our creative team designs thumb-stopping, on-brand content that resonates and drives action. We handle copy, design, and video — end to end.
SUB-SECTION: COMMUNITY MANAGEMENT
We respond to comments, DMs, and reviews. We engage with your audience and foster real conversations around your brand. A loyal community isn't built by follower counts — it's built by genuine interaction.
STATS ROW
3x — Average engagement rate increase  |  200+ — Content pieces created monthly  |  6+ — Platforms managed per client
WORKFLOW STAGES (ALREADY GOOD — MINOR SEO TWEAK ONLY)
Week 1: Discovery & Audit — Brand audit, competitor analysis, audience research, platform selection.
Week 2: Strategy & Planning — Content calendar, hashtag strategy, brand guidelines, scheduling.
Week 2–4: Create & Publish — Graphic design, copywriting, video editing, reels and stories.
Ongoing: Engage & Optimise — Community management, analytics, monthly reports, optimisation.
CTA HEADLINE
Ready to own your socials?
CTA SUB-TEXT
Let's build a social media presence that turns followers into customers — and content into conversions.

5.2 — Search Engine Optimisation

HERO EYEBROW
Search Engine Optimisation Services
HERO HEADLINE (H1)
Rank higher. Drive traffic. Grow revenue.
HERO SUB-TEXT
Most of your customers are searching for what you offer right now. The question is — are they finding you or your competitors? We build data-driven SEO strategies that get you to page one and keep you there.
INTRO PARAGRAPH
SEO isn't just about rankings — it's about bringing the right people to your website at exactly the right moment. Our research-backed approach combines technical excellence, on-page precision, and authoritative link building to deliver sustainable organic growth.
SUB-SECTION: TECHNICAL SEO
We audit and fix the technical foundations of your website — page speed, crawlability, mobile optimisation, Core Web Vitals, structured data, and site architecture. If Google can't read your site properly, it can't rank it properly.
SUB-SECTION: ON-PAGE SEO
We optimise every page of your website — title tags, meta descriptions, header structure, internal linking, and keyword placement — so Google understands what each page is about and ranks it accordingly.
SUB-SECTION: KEYWORD RESEARCH
We identify the exact search terms your ideal customers are using — high-intent keywords with realistic ranking potential for your business. No guesswork. Pure data.
SUB-SECTION: LINK BUILDING
We earn high-quality backlinks from relevant, authoritative websites across India to build your domain's trust and authority — the way Google rewards sites it believes in.
STATS ROW
Page 1 — Our target for every primary keyword  |  3–6 months — Typical timeframe for significant SEO gains  |  100% — White-hat, Google-compliant methods only
SEO WORKFLOW STAGES
Week 1: SEO Audit — Full technical audit, competitor analysis, keyword gap research.
Week 2: Strategy — Target keyword map, content plan, technical fix priority list.
Week 3–4: On-Page Optimisation — Meta tags, headings, content, internal links, structured data.
Ongoing: Off-Page & Monitoring — Link building, content publishing, rank tracking, monthly reports.
CTA HEADLINE
Ready to rank higher on Google?
CTA SUB-TEXT
Let's build an SEO strategy that brings high-intent traffic to your website month after month — without paying for every click.

5.3 — Website Development

HERO EYEBROW
Website Development Services
HERO HEADLINE (H1)
Websites built to convert, not just impress.
HERO SUB-TEXT
Your website is your most powerful marketing asset — open 24/7, pitching your brand to every potential customer who lands on it. We build websites that look outstanding and perform even better.
SUB-SECTION: WORDPRESS DEVELOPMENT
We build fast, flexible WordPress websites — from business websites to blogs and membership sites. Easy for you to manage, optimised for performance, and built to grow with your business.
SUB-SECTION: CUSTOM DEVELOPMENT
Need something beyond a template? We design and build fully custom websites — unique layouts, custom functionality, and bespoke user experiences that match your brand precisely.
SUB-SECTION: E-COMMERCE
From WooCommerce stores to custom e-commerce builds — we create online shops designed to maximise product discovery, reduce cart abandonment, and drive sales.
SUB-SECTION: RESPONSIVE DESIGN
Every website we build is fully responsive across all devices — mobile, tablet, and desktop. With over 70% of Indian internet traffic on mobile, this isn't optional — it's non-negotiable.
STATS ROW
3-second load time — Our performance target  |  100% — Mobile-first design on every project  |  SEO-ready — Every site built with on-page SEO from day one
WEB DEV WORKFLOW STAGES
Week 1: Discovery — Brief, goals, sitemap, UX wireframes.
Week 2: Design — High-fidelity design mockups, brand alignment, client review.
Week 3–4: Development — Build, content integration, plugin setup, testing.
Launch: Go Live — QA testing, mobile checks, speed optimisation, SEO setup, launch.
CTA HEADLINE
Ready for a website that actually works?
CTA SUB-TEXT
Let's build you a website that brings in business — not just compliments.

5.4 — Google & Meta Ads

HERO EYEBROW
Google & Meta Ads Services
HERO HEADLINE (H1)
Paid ads that pay off — every single time.
HERO SUB-TEXT
Stop burning budget on ads that don't convert. We build and manage data-driven paid advertising campaigns across Google and Meta — targeting the right people, at the right moment, with the right message.
SUB-SECTION: GOOGLE ADS
From Search and Display to Shopping and YouTube ads — we manage the full Google Ads ecosystem. We do in-depth keyword research, write compelling ad copy, structure campaigns for maximum Quality Score, and relentlessly optimise for the lowest cost-per-lead.
SUB-SECTION: META ADS
Facebook and Instagram ads remain some of the most powerful tools for brand awareness and lead generation in India. We design high-converting ad creatives, build laser-targeted audience segments, and run A/B tests to keep improving performance every week.
SUB-SECTION: RETARGETING
Most visitors don't convert on the first visit. Our retargeting campaigns bring warm audiences back to your website — with personalised ads that nudge them closer to a decision.
SUB-SECTION: LEAD GENERATION
We run lead gen campaigns built for Indian markets — using landing pages, lead forms, and conversion-optimised funnels to deliver consistent, qualified enquiries directly to your inbox.
STATS ROW
₹15,000 — Minimum monthly ad spend we can work with  |  2–4 weeks — Typical timeline to see initial results  |  Weekly — Frequency of campaign optimisation
ADS WORKFLOW STAGES
Week 1: Audit & Strategy — Account audit (if existing), audience research, keyword planning, campaign structure.
Week 2: Setup — Campaign build, ad copy, creatives, landing page review, conversion tracking.
Week 3–4: Launch & Optimise — Go live, daily monitoring, initial bid adjustments, A/B testing begins.
Ongoing: Scale & Report — Weekly optimisation, budget scaling, retargeting setup, monthly reports.
CTA HEADLINE
Ready to turn ad spend into real revenue?
CTA SUB-TEXT
Let's build a paid advertising strategy that generates consistent, qualified leads for your business — and makes every rupee count.

5.5 — Content Writing

HERO EYEBROW
Content Writing Services
HERO HEADLINE (H1)
Words that rank. Copy that converts.
HERO SUB-TEXT
Great content does two things at once: it gets found by search engines, and it persuades real human beings to take action. We write both — SEO-optimised content that climbs the rankings and copy that genuinely moves people.
SUB-SECTION: BLOG POSTS & ARTICLES
Long-form, well-researched blog content that builds your authority, targets valuable keywords, and keeps your audience coming back. We write blogs that Google ranks and people actually read.
SUB-SECTION: WEBSITE COPY
Conversion-focused copy for every page of your website — from homepage headlines to service descriptions and about pages. Written to communicate your value clearly and guide visitors toward taking action.
SUB-SECTION: AD COPY
High-impact, punchy copy for Google Ads, Meta ads, and display campaigns. We write headlines that get clicks and descriptions that convert — tested and refined through our performance marketing work.
SUB-SECTION: SOCIAL CAPTIONS
Platform-specific captions for Instagram, Facebook, LinkedIn, and more — written in your brand voice, with the right hooks, CTAs, and hashtag strategy built in.
CTA HEADLINE
Ready for content that actually performs?
CTA SUB-TEXT
Let's create content that ranks on Google, resonates with your audience, and drives real business results.

5.6 — Video Editing

HERO EYEBROW
Video Editing Services
HERO HEADLINE (H1)
Video content that stops the scroll — every time.
HERO SUB-TEXT
Video is the highest-performing content format across every social platform right now. We edit and produce videos that capture attention in the first second and keep it until the final frame — designed for your brand and your audience.
SUB-SECTION: REELS & SHORTS
Fast-paced, high-energy short-form videos for Instagram Reels, YouTube Shorts, and Facebook — optimised for the algorithm and built to go viral within your niche.
SUB-SECTION: PROMOTIONAL VIDEOS
Brand films, product launches, service explainers, and testimonial videos — polished, professional productions that communicate your value proposition with impact.
SUB-SECTION: MOTION GRAPHICS
Animated text, infographics, logo animations, and motion design that elevate the production quality of your brand's video content and make complex ideas instantly understandable.
SUB-SECTION: PRODUCT VIDEOS
Clean, detail-focused product showcase videos that highlight features and benefits — perfect for e-commerce, D2C brands, and product launch campaigns.
CTA HEADLINE
Ready to start creating videos that actually drive results?
CTA SUB-TEXT
Let's produce video content that captures attention, builds brand equity, and converts viewers into customers.

5.7 — Graphic Designing

HERO EYEBROW
Graphic Designing Services
HERO HEADLINE (H1)
Design that communicates before a word is read.
HERO SUB-TEXT
In a world of infinite content and split-second attention spans, great design isn't a luxury — it's your first impression. We create visuals that communicate your brand instantly, build trust immediately, and make people want to engage.
SUB-SECTION: BRAND IDENTITY
Logos, colour palettes, typography systems, and brand guidelines that define who you are and make you unmistakable — across every touchpoint, online and offline.
SUB-SECTION: SOCIAL MEDIA CREATIVES
On-brand, scroll-stopping graphics for Instagram, Facebook, LinkedIn, and more — designed to the platform's dimensions and optimised for maximum engagement.
SUB-SECTION: PRINT DESIGN
Business cards, brochures, flyers, banners, packaging, and exhibition materials — designed for impact in the physical world and print-ready from day one.
SUB-SECTION: UI/UX DESIGN
Clean, user-centred interface design for websites and apps — wireframes, high-fidelity mockups, and design systems that look beautiful and work intuitively.
CTA HEADLINE
Ready to build a brand that's impossible to ignore?
CTA SUB-TEXT
Let's design something that makes your brand stand out in the most crowded feeds, markets, and spaces in India.

5.8 — Photoshoot

HERO EYEBROW
Professional Photography Services
HERO HEADLINE (H1)
Photography that sells your brand before you say a word.
HERO SUB-TEXT
Generic stock photos don't build brand trust. Real, authentic imagery of your products, your team, and your world — that does. We produce professional photography that makes your brand look as good as it actually is.
SUB-SECTION: PRODUCT PHOTOGRAPHY
Clean, high-resolution product images for e-commerce, catalogues, and ads — shot to showcase details, textures, and quality in a way that makes people want to buy.
SUB-SECTION: BRAND SHOOTS
Team portraits, workspace photography, and behind-the-scenes brand storytelling that builds authenticity and humanises your business for potential customers.
SUB-SECTION: EVENT COVERAGE
Professional photography for product launches, corporate events, brand activations, and trade shows — capturing the moments that matter with clarity and energy.
SUB-SECTION: LIFESTYLE PHOTOGRAPHY
Aspirational, context-rich lifestyle imagery that places your product in the world your customer wants to live in — essential for D2C brands, fashion, food, and hospitality.
CTA HEADLINE
Ready to show your brand in its best light?
CTA SUB-TEXT
Let's create imagery that tells your brand's story and makes a lasting first impression — on your website, your social media, and everywhere in between.


Navigation
NAV LINKS (IN ORDER)
Work  |  About  |  Services ▾  |  Blog  |  Contact
SERVICES DROPDOWN
Social Media Management  |  Search Engine Optimisation  |  Website Development  |  Google & Meta Ads  |  Content Writing  |  Video Editing  |  Graphic Designing  |  Photoshoot
CTA BUTTON (NAV)
Start Your Project →
Footer — Full Copy
TAGLINE
Strategy. Creativity. Growth.
CONTACT BLOCK
Email: Info@bloominghives.in
Phone / WhatsApp: +91 92175 42713
SOCIAL LINKS
Instagram: @bloominghives.in  |  LinkedIn: /company/bloominghives  |  Facebook: /bloominghives  |  WhatsApp: +91 92175 42713
SECTOR TAGS
Real Estate  |  Food & Restaurants  |  Fashion & Lifestyle  |  Education  |  Healthcare  |  E-Commerce
TRUST BADGES
★ 5-Star Rated  |  ◆ Google Partner
FOOTER LINKS
Contact  |  FAQs  |  Privacy Policy  |  Terms & Conditions
COPYRIGHT
© 2026 Blooming Hives. All Rights Reserved.
Schema Markup — Recommended (JSON-LD)
Add the following schema type to the <head> of every page. This improves how Google displays your site in search results.

Technical SEO Checklist
Add Google Search Console and verify the property for bloominghives.in.
Submit XML sitemap to Google Search Console (sitemap.xml).
Set up Google Analytics 4 (GA4) with conversion events (form submissions, WhatsApp clicks).
Ensure canonical tags are set on all pages to avoid duplicate content.
Add Open Graph tags (og:title, og:description, og:image) to all pages for social sharing.
Set a robots.txt file — ensure all pages meant to rank are not blocked.
Enable HTTPS on the production domain (bloominghives.in).
Test Core Web Vitals using PageSpeed Insights — target LCP < 2.5s, CLS < 0.1.
Add rel='noopener noreferrer' to all external links.
Update the contact page location from Jaipur to New Delhi everywhere it appears.
Replace footer email 'hello@bloominghives.in' → 'Info@bloominghives.in' to match actual contact info.
Replace homepage stats (30,000+ leads, 120% ROI) with conservative figures until real data is available.
Verify all service pages have unique, page-specific content — especially service-seo.html which currently shows SMM content.


The blog is a powerful long-term SEO asset. Below are 10 article ideas with SEO-optimised titles and meta descriptions ready to publish. Write each article at 1,000–1,500 words for best results.

— END OF DOCUMENT —
Blooming Hives  |  Info@bloominghives.in  |  +91 92175 42713  |  Delhi, India
BLOOMING HIVES
Digital Marketing Agency
WEBSITE SEO CONTENT BIBLE	
01 — SEO Keyword Strategy
Primary, secondary & long-tail targets for the Indian market	
Keyword	Type	Target Page	
digital marketing agency in Delhi	Primary — High intent	Home	
digital marketing company India	Primary — Broad	Home	
social media marketing agency Delhi	Primary — Service	SMM Page	
SEO services in India	Primary — Service	SEO Page	
Google Ads agency Delhi	Primary — Service	Ads Page	
Meta ads agency India	Secondary — Service	Ads Page	
website development company Delhi	Primary — Service	Web Dev Page	
content writing services India	Secondary — Service	Content Page	
video editing agency Delhi	Long-tail	Video Page	
graphic design agency Delhi NCR	Long-tail	Graphic Page	
product photography Delhi	Long-tail	Photoshoot Page	
affordable digital marketing India	Long-tail	Home / About	
digital marketing for restaurants India	Niche long-tail	Home	
digital marketing for real estate India	Niche long-tail	Home	
digital marketing for startups India	Niche long-tail	Home	
best SEO company in Delhi	Competitive	SEO Page	
02 — Homepage
bloominghives.in / index.html	
Title Tag (≤60 chars)	Blooming Hives | Digital Marketing Agency in Delhi, India	
Meta Description (≤160 chars)	Blooming Hives is a Delhi-based digital marketing agency offering SEO, social media management, Google & Meta ads, web development and more — serving businesses across India.	
H1 Tag	Strategy. Creativity. Growth. — Blooming Hives	
Page Slug / URL	/ (Homepage)	
⚠  Fix: Replace the current hero headline 'bloom beyond bring' (which is broken/placeholder text) with the copy below.	
Service	Tags	Card Description	
Social Media Management	Content Strategy / Community Mgmt / Brand Consistency / Audience Engagement	We grow your brand's social presence with scroll-stopping content, strategic planning, and hands-on community management — turning followers into loyal customers.	
Search Engine Optimisation	Technical SEO / On-Page SEO / Keyword Research / Link Building	Research-backed SEO strategies that push you up the rankings, drive high-intent organic traffic, and keep your brand visible month after month.	
Website Development	WordPress / Custom Dev / Responsive / E-Commerce	Fast, conversion-focused websites built to turn visitors into customers. From landing pages to full e-commerce stores — responsive and results-driven.	
Google & Meta Ads	Google Ads / Meta Ads / Retargeting / Lead Generation	ROI-driven paid advertising campaigns across Google and Meta that scale your visibility, generate quality leads, and grow revenue confidently.	
Content Writing	Blog Posts / Website Copy / Ad Copy / Social Captions	Compelling, SEO-optimised content that tells your brand story, builds authority, and drives conversions — from web copy and blogs to ad scripts.	
Video Editing	Reels & Shorts / Promo Videos / Motion Graphics / Product Videos	Professional video editing that stops the scroll — from high-energy Instagram reels to polished brand films and product videos.	
Graphic Designing	Brand Identity / Social Creatives / Print Design / UI/UX	Eye-catching design that communicates your brand instantly — logos, social creatives, print collaterals, and everything in between.	
Photoshoot	Product Photography / Brand Shoots / Event Coverage / Lifestyle	Professional photography that brings your brand to life — product shots, brand photoshoots, events, and lifestyle imagery that sells.	
⚠  Use these conservative, credible numbers. Do NOT use 30,000+ leads or 120% ROI — the agency is new. Update these figures as real data accrues.	⚠  Use these conservative, credible numbers. Do NOT use 30,000+ leads or 120% ROI — the agency is new. Update these figures as real data accrues.	⚠  Use these conservative, credible numbers. Do NOT use 30,000+ leads or 120% ROI — the agency is new. Update these figures as real data accrues.	⚠  Use these conservative, credible numbers. Do NOT use 30,000+ leads or 120% ROI — the agency is new. Update these figures as real data accrues.	
100+
Qualified Leads Generated	4.9 ★
Average Client Rating	90%
Client Retention Rate	3x
Average Engagement Increase	
⚠  These FAQs are already good on the live site. Minor optimisations below for SEO — note the ₹ pricing is kept as-is.	
03 — About Page
bloominghives.in/about.html	
Title Tag (≤60 chars)	About Us | Blooming Hives — Digital Marketing Agency, Delhi	
Meta Description (≤160 chars)	Blooming Hives is a Delhi-based creative digital marketing agency. Meet the team behind the strategy, creativity, and growth that's helping Indian brands stand out online.	
H1 Tag	We're a digital marketing agency that puts results before everything.	
Page Slug / URL	/about.html	
⚠  Use credible, conservative figures only. Do not inflate stats. Update as the agency grows.	⚠  Use credible, conservative figures only. Do not inflate stats. Update as the agency grows.	⚠  Use credible, conservative figures only. Do not inflate stats. Update as the agency grows.	⚠  Use credible, conservative figures only. Do not inflate stats. Update as the agency grows.	
100+
Leads Generated	4.9 ★
Avg. Client Rating	90%
Client Retention Rate	8+
Services Offered	
04 — Contact Page
bloominghives.in/contact.html	
Title Tag (≤60 chars)	Contact Blooming Hives | Digital Marketing Agency, Delhi	
Meta Description (≤160 chars)	Get in touch with Blooming Hives — a digital marketing agency in Delhi. Reach us for SEO, social media, paid ads, web development and more. We serve clients Pan-India.	
H1 Tag	Let's talk. Good things happen when you reach out.	
Page Slug / URL	/contact.html	
⚠  CRITICAL FIX: Change 'Jaipur, Rajasthan' to 'New Delhi, Delhi' in the location card on this page. The agency is based in Delhi, not Jaipur.	
05 — Service Pages
All 8 service pages — full SEO copy	
⚠  IMPORTANT: The SEO service page (service-seo.html) currently shows Social Media Management content. All service pages below have unique, page-specific copy. Replace entirely.	
Title Tag (≤60 chars)	Social Media Management Services | Blooming Hives, Delhi	
Meta Description (≤160 chars)	Grow your brand on Instagram, Facebook, LinkedIn & more. Blooming Hives offers social media management services in Delhi — content strategy, reels, community management & analytics.	
H1 Tag	Build a brand people actually follow.	
Page Slug / URL	/service-smm.html	
⚠  This page currently shows Social Media content. Replace the entire body with the content below.	⚠  This page currently shows Social Media content. Replace the entire body with the content below.	
Title Tag (≤60 chars)	SEO Services in Delhi, India | Blooming Hives	
Meta Description (≤160 chars)	Rank higher on Google with Blooming Hives — an SEO agency in Delhi offering technical SEO, on-page optimisation, keyword research, and link building for Indian businesses.	
H1 Tag	Rank higher. Drive traffic. Grow revenue.	
Page Slug / URL	/service-seo.html	
Title Tag (≤60 chars)	Website Development Services | Blooming Hives, Delhi India	
Meta Description (≤160 chars)	Get a fast, conversion-focused website built by Blooming Hives — a web development agency in Delhi. WordPress, custom development, e-commerce & responsive design across India.	
H1 Tag	Websites built to convert, not just impress.	
Page Slug / URL	/service-webdev.html	
Title Tag (≤60 chars)	Google & Meta Ads Agency in Delhi | Blooming Hives	
Meta Description (≤160 chars)	Blooming Hives is a Google & Meta ads agency in Delhi. We run ROI-focused PPC, lead generation, and retargeting campaigns for Indian businesses. Start generating leads today.	
H1 Tag	Paid ads that pay off — every single time.	
Page Slug / URL	/service-ads.html	
Title Tag (≤60 chars)	Content Writing Services India | Blooming Hives, Delhi	
Meta Description (≤160 chars)	SEO-optimised content writing services from Blooming Hives — blog posts, website copy, ad copy, and social captions that rank, engage, and convert. Based in Delhi, serving India.	
H1 Tag	Words that rank. Copy that converts.	
Page Slug / URL	/service-content.html	
Title Tag (≤60 chars)	Video Editing Services Delhi | Blooming Hives	
Meta Description (≤160 chars)	Professional video editing services in Delhi — reels, shorts, promotional videos, motion graphics and product videos for Indian brands. Blooming Hives delivers scroll-stopping video content.	
H1 Tag	Video content that stops the scroll — every time.	
Page Slug / URL	/service-video.html	
Title Tag (≤60 chars)	Graphic Design Services Delhi India | Blooming Hives	
Meta Description (≤160 chars)	Creative graphic design services from Blooming Hives in Delhi — brand identity, social media creatives, print design, and UI/UX for Indian businesses. Bold design. Real impact.	
H1 Tag	Design that communicates before a word is read.	
Page Slug / URL	/service-graphic.html	
Title Tag (≤60 chars)	Professional Photography Services Delhi | Blooming Hives	
Meta Description (≤160 chars)	Product photography, brand shoots, event coverage and lifestyle photography in Delhi. Blooming Hives delivers high-quality brand imagery for businesses across India.	
H1 Tag	Photography that sells your brand before you say a word.	
Page Slug / URL	/service-photoshoot.html	
06 — Global / Sitewide Elements
Navigation, Footer, Schema & Technical SEO	
{
  "@context": "https://schema.org",
  "@type": "LocalBusiness",
  "name": "Blooming Hives",
  "description": "Digital marketing agency in Delhi offering SEO, social media management, Google & Meta ads, website development, content writing, video editing, graphic design, and photography.",
  "url": "https://bloominghives.in",
  "telephone": "+91-92175-42713",
  "email": "Info@bloominghives.in",
  "address": {
    "@type": "PostalAddress",
    "addressLocality": "New Delhi",
    "addressRegion": "Delhi",
    "addressCountry": "IN"
  },
  "areaServed": "India",
  "serviceType": ["SEO", "Social Media Marketing", "Website Development", "Google Ads", "Meta Ads", "Content Writing", "Video Editing", "Graphic Design", "Photography"]
}	
⚠  Complete this checklist before the site goes live on the main domain.	
07 — Blog / Content Marketing
SEO-optimised article titles and meta descriptions	
Article Title (H1)	Meta Description	
5 Meta Ads Strategies That Actually Work for Indian Businesses in 2025	Running Meta ads for your Indian business? Here are 5 proven Meta advertising strategies — with targeting tips, budget advice, and creative formats that convert in the Indian market.	
Why Your Brand Needs a Social Media Strategy, Not Just Posts	Posting randomly on Instagram won't grow your brand. Here's why Indian businesses need a proper social media strategy — and what one actually looks like in practice.	
SEO in 2025: What's Changed and What Still Matters for Indian Websites	Google's algorithm has evolved. Here's what's actually changed in SEO in 2025 — and the fundamentals that still drive organic rankings for Indian businesses.	
How Much Does Digital Marketing Cost in India? A Complete Pricing Guide	Wondering what digital marketing costs in India? This guide breaks down agency pricing for SEO, social media, Google Ads, and more — so you know what to expect.	
Google Ads vs Meta Ads: Which is Better for Indian Businesses?	Should you spend your ad budget on Google or Meta? We compare the two platforms for Indian businesses — costs, targeting, conversion rates, and which to use for what.	
10 Signs Your Business Needs a Professional Website Redesign	Is your website costing you business? Here are 10 clear signs it's time for a redesign — and what a conversion-focused website can do for your brand in 2025.	
What is Local SEO and Why Does It Matter for Delhi Businesses?	Local SEO helps your business appear when customers nearby search for your services. Here's what local SEO is, how it works, and how Delhi businesses can use it to win more customers.	
How to Build a Brand on Instagram in India: A Step-by-Step Guide	Want to grow your brand on Instagram in India? This step-by-step guide covers everything — content strategy, posting frequency, reels, hashtags, and how to convert followers into customers.	
The Complete Guide to E-Commerce Marketing in India for 2025	Selling online in India? This complete guide covers e-commerce SEO, product photography, social media, paid ads, and the marketing strategies that drive sales for Indian online stores.	
Why Content Marketing is the Most Underrated Growth Channel for Indian Brands	Indian businesses spend thousands on ads but ignore content marketing. Here's why blogs, guides, and SEO content are the highest-ROI growth channel most brands are missing out on.	
